Updating GPO requeriments for WIndows Hello (#4519)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-key-trust-policy-settings.md

> The Enable Windows Hello for Business Group Policy setting is the configuration needed for Windows to determine if a user should be attempt to enroll for Windows Hello for Business.  A user will only attempt enrollment if this policy setting is configured to enabled.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Group Policy setting determines whether users are allowed, and prompted, to enroll for Windows Hello for Business. It can be configured for computers or users. 
```

> You can configure the Enable Windows Hello for Business Group Policy setting for computer or users. Deploying this policy setting to computers results in ALL users that sign-in that computer to attempt a Windows Hello for Business enrollment. Deploying this policy setting to a user results in only that user attempting a Windows Hello for Business enrollment.  Additionally, you can deploy the policy setting to a group of users so only those users attempt a Windows Hello for Business enrollment. If both user and computer policy settings are deployed, the user policy setting has precedence. For this settings to be configured using GPO, you must download and install the latest Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 10. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure the Group Policy for computers, all users that sign-in to those computers will be allowed and prompted to enroll for Windows Hello for Business. If you configure the Group Policy for users, only those users will be allowed and prompted to enroll for Windows Hello for Business. For these settings to be configured using GPO, you need to download and install the latest Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 10. 
```
